New setting compare-signatures-on-zone-freshness-check to disable DO flag for SOA checks (#11508)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/modes-of-operation.rst

the domain is declared 'fresh', and will only be checked again after
'**refresh**' seconds have passed.

If the serial on the Primary is equal to the serial on the Secondary,
but the zone is presigned, the Secondary will also compare the RRSIG
of the SOA and queue a zone transfer if the signatures are different.

> This is useful if the Primary is also PowerDNS as the serial may not be
> increased although signatures are updated. To compare also the RRSIGs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if the Primary is also PowerDNS as it may not update
the serial when updating signatures. To also check the RRSIGs,
```

PowerDNS sets the DO flag when querying the SOA on the Primary. Setting
the DO flag may trigger truncated responses and the SOA check should

> fall-back to TCP. As this fall-back is currently not supported in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fall back to TCP. As this fallback is not currently supported in
```

PowerDNS, freshness checks may fail. If it is known that the Primary
always increases the serial on signature changes, signature comparison
can be turned off by disabling

> :ref:`setting-compare-signatures-on-zone-freshness-check`. This will disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`setting-compare-signatures-on-zone-freshness-check`. This will skip
```

> the DO flag and should work around the truncate issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the DO flag and should work around the issue with truncate.
```

> the DO flag and should work around the issue with truncate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the DO flag and should work around the truncation issue.
```
